 Difference Between Document and Window Objects?

“Document Object” represents a webpage structure that is inserted in the DOM tree hierarchy and when compiled the content gets displayed on the webpage. By getting access to the document object, the users can access the HTML webpage content along with the elements by which the webpage is built. On the other hand, the “Window Object” is at the head position of the DOM hierarchy showing a window browser or frame.
What is the Document Object Model?
The Document Object Model is the one on which the whole webpage is standing, it contains HTML elements that are placed in the form of a hierarchy tree. When it is compiled transforms the element into the form of a webpage. 
Properties of Document Object
Properties = 	Description
activeElement = 	It retrieves the currently used or active HTML element in the document.
body = 	Retrieves the content residing inside the “<body>” tag.
anchors = 	Retrieve all <a> anchor elements
baseURI	 = Retrieves a string value that identifies the base URI
cookie	 = Retrieves the currently executing document’s cookie information.
charSet = 	Retrieves a string that represents the character encoding scheme.
defaultView = 	Retrieves the current window object.
designMode	 = It sets the currently selected document to editable or non-editable by providing it a value of “on” and “off” respectively.


What is the Windows Object Model?
The Windows Object Model or “WOM” is a framework used by Microsoft Windows operating systems to represent and interact with various system components, like Windows, controls, menus, and other GUI elements. It is based on a binary interface standard used in Windows for inter-process communication and component interaction.
Windows Object Model Properties

Properties = 	Description
Closed	 = It represents whether the window is closed or not.
Document = 	Returns a document object reference.
controllers	= Retrieve the XUL controller objects.
defaultStatus =	Elaborates the default message to be shown in the status bar.
console	= Retrieves an object containing the reference to the console that offers access to browsers.
DOMMartrix	=  Retrieves the DOMMatrix object representing 4×4 matrices.
History	= Provides information on the visited URLs.
DOMPoint =  Refers to a DOMPoint that represents a 2D or 3D point coordination


